Snowbridge v3 (#1068)
snowplow/documentation: docs/destinations/forwarding-events/snowbridge/concepts/failure-model/index.md

### Target failure

This is where a request to the destination technology fails or is rejected - for example a HTTP 400 response is received. 

Retry behaviour for target failures is determined by the retry configuration. You can find details of this in the [configuration section](/docs/destinations/forwarding-events/snowbridge/configuration/retries/index.md).

As of Snowbridge 2.4.2, the Kinesis target does not treat kinesis write throughput exceptions as this type of failure. Rather it has an in-built backoff and retry, which will persist until each event in the batch is either successful, or fails for a different reason.

> Before version 3.0.0, Snowbridge treats every kind of target failure the same -  it will retry 5 times. If all 5 attempts fail, it will proceed without acking the failed Messages. As long as the source's acking model allows for it, these will be re-processed through Snowbridge again.

Author: ```suggestion
Before version 3.0.0, Snowbridge treated every kind of target failure the same -  it would retry 5 times. If all 5 attempts failed, it would proceed without acking the failed Messages. As long as the source's acking model allows for it, these would be re-processed through Snowbridge again.
```

### Target failure

This is where a request to the destination technology fails or is rejected - for example a http 400 response is received. 

Retry behaviour for target failures are determined by the retry configuration. You can find details of this in the [configuration section](/docs/destinations/forwarding-events/snowbridge/configuration/retries/index.md).

As of Snowbridge 2.4.2, the kinesis target does not treat kinesis write throughput exceptions as this type of failure. Rather it has an in-built backoff and retry, which will persist until each event in the batch is either successful, or fails for a different reason.

> Before verst 3.0.0, Snowbridge treats every kind of target failure the same -  it will retry 5 times. If all 5 attempts fail, it will be reported as a 'MsgFailed' for monitoring purposes, and will proceed without acking the failed Messages. As long as the source's acking model allows for it, these will be re-processed through Snowbridge again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before version 3.0.0, Snowbridge treats every kind of target failure the same -  it will retry 5 times. If all 5 attempts fail, it will be reported as a 'MsgFailed' for monitoring purposes, and will proceed without acking the failed Messages. As long as the source's acking model allows for it, these will be re-processed through Snowbridge again.
```

Reviewer: > If all 5 attempts fail, it will be reported as a 'MsgFailed' for monitoring purposes,

Is it true though? It sounds like `MsgFailed` is reported only when ALL 5 attempts fail, but I think it's reported after each write failure, no?

Author: Yes you're correct - that's an oversight in the original documentation, will fix now. Thanks for flagging!

### Target failure

> This is where a request to the destination technology fails or is rejected - for example a http 400 response is received. 

Author: ```suggestion
This is where a request to the destination technology fails or is rejected - for example a HTTP 400 response is received. 
```

> Retry behaviour for target failures are determined by the retry configuration. You can find details of this in the [configuration section](/docs/destinations/forwarding-events/snowbridge/configuration/retries/index.md).

Author: My grammar are bad it seems

> As of Snowbridge 2.4.2, the kinesis target does not treat kinesis write throughput exceptions as this type of failure. Rather it has an in-built backoff and retry, which will persist until each event in the batch is either successful, or fails for a different reason.

Author: ```suggestion
As of Snowbridge 2.4.2, the Kinesis target does not treat kinesis write throughput exceptions as this type of failure. Rather it has an in-built backoff and retry, which will persist until each event in the batch is either successful, or fails for a different reason.
```

In the unlikely event that Snowbridge encounters data which is invalid for the target destination (for example empty data is invalid for pubsub), it will create a [generic error failed event](/docs/fundamentals/failed-events/index.md#generic-error),  emit it to the failure target, and ack the original message.

> As of version 3.0.0, the http target may produce invalid failures. This occurs when the a POST request body cannot be formed, when the templating feature's attempts to template data result in an error, or when the response conforms to a response rules configuration which sepcifies that the failure is to be treated as invalid. You can find more details in the [configuration section](/docs/destinations/forwarding-events/snowbridge/configuration/targets/http/index.md).

Author: ```suggestion
As of version 3.0.0, the http target may produce 'invalid' type failures. This occurs when the a POST request body cannot be formed, when the templating feature's attempts to template data result in an error, or when the response conforms to a response rules configuration which sepcifies that the failure is to be treated as invalid. You can find more details in the [configuration section](/docs/destinations/forwarding-events/snowbridge/configuration/targets/http/index.md).
```

Author: @stanch this work?

Reviewer 2: Yes
